welcome guys to the player review of the
1998 Ronaldo Team of the Year version
never denied expect ever in the history
of Ultimate Team for EA to give Ronaldo
a higher rate caught them Messi this is
the very first time ever is very
exciting and that is what he just keeps
going for 15 million as soon as he's on
the market people just bid 15 million no
one is waiting they don't give a shit
about how many coins they're gonna lose
15 million is is going price now if you
guys are looking for a cheap and
reliable place to get you coins check a
bottle calm down link will be in the
description and use the code eats honey
to get five percent off if you looking
for PSN cards Microsoft Points all cheap
games check the link also in the
description so does he feel like do you
feel a huge upgrade when you're
comparing him to the strike one where
he's a central virgin this one is the
left winger version but if you play him
on seven camp he becomes a striker and
you won't really notice a difference
with him on seven camp to be honest with
you guys but we try them as a left
forward for this review 10 camp and I
have to say this guy is freaking amazing
this guy is pretty much cheating in the
game he feels like you know the team the
ibrahimovic from FIFA 14 pretty much the
same exactly the same just so strong
amazing finishing and agility oh my god
I don't even know where to begin with
his pros so 5 star skills and he has the
the most disgusting long shots you ever
take with any player Ultimate Team
you'll see the most stupidest shots in
these videos I mean in the gameplay and
you'll see the perfect work rates where
he's always in position the volleys the
amazing dribbling how he's bullying off
defenders like they can't even touch him
and 5 star skills full star week 4 and I
have to say about the weak foot forget
it it's not even full sports actually 5
I mean I scored a deadly long shot with
his left foot
that's how deadly both his legs or his
feet are overall what you're expecting
is what you get basically one of the
best players in the game 50
million he might cost a lot but he is
the best player you will ever try in the
damn game
he's got the finishing the Judah T the
Strand for the shooting the fucking
heading everything even if you look on
the EA website son there's a lot of
stats above 99 guys he actually has
eight stats above nineteen nine which is
fucking crazy but you will definitely
feel that in the game and overall what
you're gonna experience is the best
experience possible
an ultimate team for your coins so hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
I'd really appreciate like Ronaldo the
team of the year one fits any place now
if you love to shoot from long distance
if you love to finish in the penalty
area if you love to skill if you just
love to force your way into the penalty
area if you love to pay him on seven
chem and run down the wing and cross it
to him he fits that place now as well if
you just wanna pace abuse he fits that
place now overall any player could get a
hold of him and pay amazingly so hope
you guys enjoy this video hit the like
button if you enjoyed it or found this
review helpful he cost me 15 million
coins but overall it was really fun to
record gameplay clips with him and he is
gonna get and 11 rather than a 10
because you just fucking more than
perfect so I hope you guys enjoyed it
and hope you guys have very nice